feat: deprecated keepalive_backoff, introduce keepalive_multiplier (#10702)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-10702.en.md

> Deprecated keepalive_backoff and introduce keepalive_multiplier. The Keep-Alive period is calculated as follows:
> Keep-Alive period = Keep-Alive interval x Keep-Alive multiplier.
> Fix put /keepalive crash when mqtt client's keepalive is disabled.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Introduce a more straightforward configuration option `keepalive_multiplier` and
deprecate the old `keepalive_backoff` configuration.

After this enhancement, EMQX checks the client's keepalive timeout status
period by multiplying the "Client Requested Keepalive Interval" with `keepalive_multiplier`.
```

Author: done
